nomination-forms/2020.md, before:


# Jupyter Distinguished Contributors
## 2020 JDC Nomination Form

> *Project Jupyter Distinguished Contributors are recognized for their substantial contributions to Jupyter itself in both quality and quantity over at least two years.*
> 
> *Contributions may include code, code review, infrastructure work, mailing list and chat participation, community help/building, education and outreach, fundraising, branding, marketing, inclusion and diversity, UX design and research, etc.*

Nominee's name: ______________________________
Nominee's GitHub handle (if applicable): ______________________________

Approximately when (month/year) did the nominee's contributions to Jupyter itself begin?

If relevant, approximately when (month/year) did the nominee's contributions to Jupyter itself end?

To which parts of Jupyter did the nominee directly contribute? Please select up to five areas.
- [ ] `ipython` (also `ipykernel`, `traitlets`)
- [ ] Jupyter Core (`nbformat`, `nbconvert`, protocol standards, `jupyter_client`, etc.)
- [ ] Jupyter Notebook
- [ ] Jupyter Widgets
- [ ] JupyterLab
- [ ] JupyterHub or Binder
- [ ] Jupyter Server
- [ ] Voila Dashboards
- [ ] Jupyter Xeus
- [ ] Enterprise Gateway
- [ ] JupyterCon organization
- [ ] Jupyter events organization (official events like Jupyter Community Workshops, Jupyter Community calls, etc.)
- [ ] Jupyter Governance
- [ ] Project Jupyter infrastructure (running nbviewer, mybinder, Jupyter Discourse, etc.)
- [ ] Other official Project Jupyter project (i.e., under Project Jupyter governance) - please list in your description below.

Please briefly (250 words maximum) describe why your nominee should be awarded a Jupyter Distinguished Contributor.

Commit message:

Add message about privacy of nominations.

nomination-forms/2020.md, after:


# Jupyter Distinguished Contributors
## 2020 JDC Nomination Form

> *Project Jupyter Distinguished Contributors are recognized for their substantial contributions to Jupyter itself in both quality and quantity over at least two years.*
>
> *Contributions may include code, code review, infrastructure work, mailing list and chat participation, community help/building, education and outreach, fundraising, branding, marketing, inclusion and diversity, UX design and research, etc.*

Nominations (and nominee information) will only be visible to JDC voters.
This information is not shared publicly. Please respect the privacy of nominees.

Nominee's name: ______________________________
Nominee's GitHub handle (if applicable): ______________________________

Approximately when (month/year) did the nominee's contributions to Jupyter itself begin?

If relevant, approximately when (month/year) did the nominee's contributions to Jupyter itself end?

To which parts of Jupyter did the nominee directly contribute? Please select up to five areas.
- [ ] `ipython` (also `ipykernel`, `traitlets`)
- [ ] Jupyter Core (`nbformat`, `nbconvert`, protocol standards, `jupyter_client`, etc.)
- [ ] Jupyter Notebook
- [ ] Jupyter Widgets
- [ ] JupyterLab
- [ ] JupyterHub or Binder
- [ ] Jupyter Server
- [ ] Voila Dashboards
- [ ] Jupyter Xeus
- [ ] Enterprise Gateway
- [ ] JupyterCon organization
- [ ] Jupyter events organization (official events like Jupyter Community Workshops, Jupyter Community calls, etc.)
- [ ] Jupyter Governance
- [ ] Project Jupyter infrastructure (running nbviewer, mybinder, Jupyter Discourse, etc.)
- [ ] Other official Project Jupyter project (i.e., under Project Jupyter governance) - please list in your description below.

Please briefly (250 words maximum) describe why your nominee should be awarded a Jupyter Distinguished Contributor.
